[DOCS] Updates intro doc (#88376)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/introduction.asciidoc

Manage your indices and ingest pipelines, monitor the health of your
Elastic Stack cluster, and control which users have access to which features and data.

*{kib} is for admins, analysts, and business users alike.*
As an admin, you’re concerned with managing the system, from establishing
the deployment to getting {es} data into {kib}, and then
managing the data.  If you’re an analyst, your job is to generate insights
from the data, build charts, and share your findings.  If you’re a business user,
you’ll want to view existing dashboards and drill down into details.

*{kib} works with all types of data:* structured or unstructured text,
numerical data, time-series data, geospatial data, logs, metrics, security events,
and more.  Kibana is designed to use Elasticsearch as a data store.
No matter your data, {kib} can help you use it to tackle your problems.

[float]
[[kibana-home-page]]
=== Where to start

Even with so much to offer, {kib} makes it easy to find your path forward.
On the home page, you’re guided toward the most common cases.
For a quick reference of all {kib} apps, see <<whats-the-right-app,What’s the right app for you?>>

[role="screenshot"]

> image::images/home-page.png[Kibana home page]

Author: Showing the search box is important here.  It's discussed in the next section.

=== Analyze your data

Data exploration and visualizations are core features of {kib}.
You can quickly search through large amounts of data, explore fields and values
present, and then use {kib}’s drag-and-drop interface to rapidly build charts, tables, metrics, and more.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/intro-dashboard.png[Sample eCommerce data set dashboard]

[float]
==== Create visualizations

A typical data visualization journey looks like this, from adding your data to sharing your results.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/visualization-journey.png[User visualization journey]

[[get-data-into-kibana]]
. *Add data.* The best way to add {es} data to {kib} is to use one of our guided processes,
available from the <<kibana-home-page,home page>>. You can collect data from an app or service or upload a
file that contains your data. If you’re not ready to use your own data,
you can add a sample data set and give {kib} a test drive.

. *Explore.* With <<discover,*Discover*>>, you can search your data for hidden
insights and relationships. Ask your questions, and then filter the results to just the data you want.
Or, just see the most recent documents added to {es}.

> . *Visualize.* {kib} provides many options for visualizing your data&mdash;from simple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. *Visualize.* {kib} provides many options to create visualizations of your data&mdash;from simple
```

> . *Visualize.* {kib} provides many options for visualizing your data&mdash;from simple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. *Visualize.* {kib} provides many options for visualizing your data&mdash;from
```

> aggregation-based charts to complex time series visualizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
aggregation- to time series-based.
```

> <<dashboard, *Dashboard*>> is your starting point for building visualizations,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<<dashboard, *Dashboard*>> is your starting point to create visualizations,
```

and then pulling them together to show your data from multiple perspectives.

> . *Present.* <<canvas, *Canvas*>> enables you to display your data in a visually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. *Present.*  Display your data on a visually
```

> compelling, pixel-perfect presentation. With **Canvas**, you can give your data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
compelling, pixel-perfect <<canvas, *Canvas*>> workpad. With **Canvas**, you can give your data
```

> the “wow” factor needed to impress your CEO or to captivate coworkers with a big-screen display.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the “wow” factor needed to impress your CEO, or  captivate coworkers with a big-screen display.
```

> . *Share.* Share your findings using the option that works best for you&mdash;embed

Reviewer: Instead of listing out the specific sharing options, which we already do in the reporting docs, we need to cover the benefits of sharing to a larger audience.

a dashboard, share a link, or export to PDF, PNG, or CSV files and send as an attachment.

> For hands-on experience analyzing and visualizing your data, check out the Elastic https://www.elastic.co/demos[demo site].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For hands-on experience with analyzing your data, check out the Elastic https://www.elastic.co/demos[demo site].
```
